---
tags:
  - el
aliases:
  - homework
---
carol anne duffy - pigmalion bride
- [x] [Question](#question) ✅ 2023-08-31
	- [x] [Answer](#answer) ✅ 2023-08-31
# Question 1
Your family has recently moved to a new and unfamiliar place. That night, you write your diary, reflecting on the day's events and conveying your outlook and mood. Write your diary entry, using no more than 400 words.


## Answer 1
Dear Diary,
It is a perplexing concoction of feelings that run frantically in my head. It's a new start, a fresh start but it requires me to let go of a part of myself. My friends at school, my friends in the block. My whole life running away from me, as I try to catch it, it turns into dust in my very hands going further and further away from me, too far to reach. Yet, even in this endlessly dark room, waiting for me is a small beacon of hope. A chance to live again, make new friends as my old ones fade into memory, make new memories in a new house. Another place I can call home sweet home, but a doubt lurks in a corner of my mind. Will it ever be the same? Will it ever be, home? 

It is a sad task recounting the many farewells from today. It began with a glum morning, I was barely able to get some sleep last night, thoughts of the new house kept me awake. I began my day no different than every other. Awaiting my presence were my friends. Friends I may never see again, because I was going away, leaving my home, my country. As we shed our tears and bid adieu, I wanted to disappear into a corner and be forgotten but with all my courage I fought this urge to hide and stood my ground as I saw my friends for what could be the last time. After they left I returned to my room and prepared myself mentally for my last look at my house. I gazed upon my house for one last time. The movers looted our house to ship our possessions, now the house lay empty now. We left for the airport with our air of sadness surrounding us. I decided to sleep over the fifteen hour flight recovering my lack of sleep from the night before. I read my book, Scrolled through memories and eventually slept too.  

The journey from the immigration to the new house was exciting our mood lightened in the wait to see the new house. The new house was... Incredible! It had beautiful surroundings with an amazing backyard. My room was huge with a really tall ceiling and an mind-blowing view of the Swiss alps.

It is a truly beautiful house, But can I call it home?

# Question 2
You have been asked to write a letter to your local paper, encouraging local businesses to reduce plastic packaging. In your writing, create a sense of concern and passion for the subject. Write the text of the letter, using no more than 400 words.
### Answer 2
Respected Editor,
As students, children of my age are educated of the immense danger posed by the rise of plastics in various industries. Therefore I, Progun Damani am writing to you regarding the increasing use of plastic packaging where it is needed in our hometown of {insert name}. It is truly heart breaking to see plastic packaging overflowing in our dustbins, it floods our streets like an overflowing river and plagues the bodies of the animals who mistake it for food. 
One of the key contributors to the issue of the excess plastic are business in industries such as those of food and drink. Be it the straw used for sipping coffee or the plastic bag used to carry home groceries, plastics are everywhere in the industry. Yet as people become more and more aware industry giants make small shifts such as paper straws and biodegradable plates. However smaller business are reluctant to change, they prefer following their older traditions and serving their many dishes surrounded by plastics. The wrappers from the food then end up overfilling the bins and get thrown on the streets. The cherry on top is that many of the dishes and drinks contain citric acids or hot substance which leeches chemicals from the containers or surrounding plastics. These leeched chemicals eventually find their way to the stomachs of the unsuspecting people consuming the food unaware of it's carcinogenic consequences. 
Accompanying the chemicals is a swarm of microplastics which lodge themselves in the villi (structures used for food absorption in the small intestine). This blocks the process of digestion which creates many health issues and blocks nutrient absorption, these small microplastics also take very long to get rid of and may remain in the body for several more years. 
Often when these chemicals and microplastics are in the body for long periods of time it leads to detrimental damage to health leading to even cancers in the digestive track
Another key contributor to the plastics issue are the relatively simple to get rid off plastic bags, while easily replaceable businesses are difficult to persuade towards alternatives such as jute or other biodegradables. 
Education is the biggest factor in change, a newspaper such as {insert name} could spread the word far and wide in the city and create a wave of change for a healthier and happier {insert name}, and pave way for a better future.
# Question 3 
You have been asked to contribute a descriptive piece of writing about secret places toa creative writing website. In your writing, create a sense of atmosphere and focus on colours, sounds and movements to help your reader imagine the scene. Write the description, using no more than 400 words.
#### inspiration
there's this guy with schizophrenia who lives in a castle is a prince of some country and basically he thinks a war is going on and goes and hides in different areas of the castle. As the servants and knights in the castle search for him, he thinks it's an invasion party out to kill him.
### Answer
*"In the hustle bustle life of royalty Prince Rahbar often found it difficult to breathe in the busy life in the castle. However he had a secret get away"* , the John, our tour guide explained, he then pushed a *faux door* uncovering a small dusty entrance. The miniscule passage was dimly lit by the torch. It lead us to a small coven down by the sea. 
The light blue waves crashed about outside the entrance to the cove, hidden away by small roots and sea weeds, indifferent from the rest of the coast, yet inside the bright yellow beams of the Sun bounced off the gleaming water onto the dark grey walls of the cavern. Writing in dull white was smeared across the walls in the cove, some tallies and indecipherable phrases. The tattered remains of a brown wooden boat lay on the sandy shore of the cove. It's hull was covered in barnacles and molluscs coloured in light greys and deep reds. 
The sound of distant waves crashing in the distance rang inside masking the mellow moans of the gentle waves in the coven itself.  The roots and wines rustled at the entrance creating a soothing song of battering waves and dangling roots in a rhythmic tune. It created a tranquil calmness in the small cavern as gentle heart-beat like music filled the room. Every few minutes a wave large enough would disturb the "song" and crash in through the small opening looking out to the sea. Wind howled outside as John explained, "Only during low tide we can visit this cove or else the water level would be too high for us to move around freely". 
Seaweeds stuck to rock snaked about in the water and the sea came alive as waves swayed advancing and receding like a heartbeat. The water rocked the floating leaves and other pieces of debris, some that floated into the cove and some that fell from the roots at the entrance. The waves had an enchantingly soothing sway, hypnotizing and soothing. 
The larger waves outside rose high but as they marched towards the cove their power decreased. Eventually the leviathan beasts reduced a small fraction of their power as they raced to the shore. Weakened, the remainder of the waves shrank and crashed into the shore. The descendants of those humongous waves eventually found their way into the cove swaying by the sand 